company foot introduced a new
nokia phone 6 7 zero zero but very thin
chickens are empty
the back cover is made of metal itself
like metal framed
set ambitious
operating system symbian 3
from boxes of tables that can
fully customize
m you can change sees everything and you can
remove them can add a new
also change her drawing to worker
the table
built very powerful
graphics engine
let's go to the village
In this case, you can see how
plays its video ethics format and
720 ahead
but now let's move on to the album
looks photos
multi touch screen supported
zombie
Wonderful to me eight megapixel
camera
dollars this is all the pictures taken
exactly nation 7 00 session mark
let's increase a little
what the text looks like
It seems to me that the initiative is clearly the image
hold multitasking
you can choose any applications open
close close all
applications can be closed separate
applications
so 9 let's see she
music player
here is in my musical village
compositions
8 gigabytes of internal memory is quite
enough
music placement
you can find any amount of foreclosure
beautiful 3d covers
if menu holders have keys
can
choose any of the running their programs
sustain infrasound
Now we will try to find them
in it is a pretty little song for example
I like her very much
scene
from 18 18